---
title: prode1
description: 
date: 2032-11-25
---
**Q1.Why do you want to study that subject and what evidence do you have that your interest is real and not superficial?**

To be honest, I want to devote myself into the computer science in the future, especially on hardware. You probably don’t know I am a big fan of e-game such as league of legend. Moreover, I really care about the graphic. However, while the quality of game improved, the development of hardware is really slow in contrast. Hence, some people who like me cannot afford the high-end equipment have an awful experience when we play the latest game or even cannot play. So, in the future, I would like to create the hardware which is both economical and high efficiency.

**Q2.Where do you want to study and why?**

Personally speaking, I would like to study with my classmate in a quiet place. Attention that I don’t mean the library although somebody may say it is easy for us to search materials. However, With the several decades development of internet, it is much convenient for us to find essay, website, journal and so on. In addition, you also can read the book in the library on the site.

When I face some problems, I will discuss with outstanding students or together. Furthermore, we will ensure all of us understand. I really enjoy in this atmosphere.

**Q3.What do you know about the skills and attributes that the admissions tutor is looking for and how will you convince them that you possess these key skills?**

Leadership(makes everybody better, take responsibility), creativity(introduce my design), problem solving(design an appropriate solution, put it in effective use), critical thinking, communication(face to face & medium), collaboration(teamwork), information management(find the source or answer quickly), adaptability, curiosity(ask teachers), reflection(make summary)

**Q4.What evidence can you provide that supports your interest? This evidence must be more than just a list of what you have done at A level.**

In fact, I am interested in computer science and physics. I usually learn knowledge from internet especially the comment about the hardware such as CPU and Graphic Card. In addition, in the summer holiday, I completed a meaningful program which constructed a NAS(Network Attached Storage) server and solve the problems of photo storage.

For physics, I spent a large number of time to steep in it. For example, I had studied the AS physics by myself in this summer holiday. I also learn something about physics competition and I will join the BPho in November. 

**Q5.What do admissions tutors in your area of interest look for in a good statement?**

Why are me applying foe my chosen course?

Evidence that I understand what’s required to study the course.

Why I suitable for the course?

Any particular skills and experience that will help me to succeed on the courses.

The activities that demonstrate my interest in the course.

List of hobbies, skills and abilities.

Work experience includes details of jobs, placements, work experience.

Link skills or qualities relate to the course.

Why I choose UK

My future plan

**Q6.What have your studies so far taught you about the course you hope to apply for – for instance, if applying to read Chemistry, what have you done at A level or equivalent that sparked your interest?**

Well, I apply for physics because I find my talent when I studied. I can solve the problem much quicker than peers and I even can deduce some simple formula by myself.

Computer science – as I mention, I had a terrible experience of playing computer game. I want to improve the hardware and optimize the game

 

 
